SOLR-15102: Add Solr Docker release docs (#6)
apache/solr-docker: README.md

# What is Apache Solr™?

Apache Solr is highly reliable, scalable and fault tolerant, providing distributed indexing, replication and load-balanced querying, automated failover and recovery, centralized configuration and more.
Solr powers the search and navigation features of many of the world's largest internet sites.

Learn more on [Solr's homepage](https://solr.apache.org) and in the [Solr Reference Guide](https://solr.apache.org/guide/solr/).

# Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

See [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/solr?tab=tags) for a list of image tags available to pull.

> Note that the Apache Solr project doesn't actually support any releases older than the current major release series, despite whatever tags are published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the Apache Solr project does not support any releases older than the current major release series, despite whatever tags are published.
```

> As of Solr 9.0, the official Dockerfile is released along-side Solr.

Reviewer: @ctargett  would probably say that we shouldn't qualify this statement with a version. Either it applies to the current side or it doesn't.

Author: Fair enough, will remove the qualifier.

Therefore the project has decided to not support changes to Dockerfiles after release.
Changes must be made to [github.com/apache/solr](https://github.com/apache/solr), which will then be included in the next targeted release.

# About this repository

This repository is available on [github.com/apache/solr-docker](https://github.com/apache/solr-docker), and the official build is on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/solr/).

The Dockerfiles are generated upon release from [github.com/apache/solr](https://github.com/apache/solr).

Please refer to the [developer documentation](dev-docs/README.md) for information on how this repository is maintained & automated.  

> **WARNING: Do not modify this repo manually unless you have first read through the developer documentation first.**

Reviewer 2: Double “first”

> **WARNING: Do not modify this repo manually unless you have first read through the developer documentation first.**

Reviewer 2: Double “first”
